Hello dear friends with you first
and welcome to where you are
why did I say that because there is no
we try to invent names and I thought
that it will be easier to just gash vidosik
and continue to do so if all zashib
all ride in this like put
and today you are invited to speculate on
the topic of the metro why because the metro is
a thing that weighs so many people up
see me i'm worried just for me
unknown i'm worried about the most weighing thing in
subway these people are not those cute people with
with whom you constantly communicate and
see you also with them
communicate there bla bla bla bla word for word
but in general we are whipping with you
this is the mother of his biomass clot which
today decided to come to you
it is to you in the car to stand in front of you
and spoil the mood for the whole next
day
even though he was shit without that
you're going with your girlfriend in the car
watch 50 shades of gray okay i
joked no you girl just you
and so every day crappy so here you are
you're not going to touch anyone like that
you stick into the wall just polish there and
everything just to not look at anyone
not to touch anyone at all so that everything was
get stuck just drive from one
station to another and then sharply raise
her eyes notice how abruptly everything is
begin with both eyes from you all
looked at you and tried
somehow I do n’t know learn it this damn
very strange but nothing strange
because here if comes to the whisk
and the chick is cool because the chicks
go into the car and you have the right to them
see they enter your carriage like
would go it didn’t sound
it is in your car becomes before
you and you have every right to watch
them on the ass and not only on the face too
you can look at many others
places too can this be okay but we
a bit away from the topic and here on
the next station is deceived grandmother
and how do you think exactly where it will be
in the half-empty car correctly
in front of you and she will be in front of you
just so often Taurus about you
bag of bags of vegetables
no it was not a joke about old men
just bags of vegetables and here you are
and trying to calm yourself breaks
between flashes of anger that is ready but in
this moment
the train will stop at the next station
this transfer station is therefore all
people go out and you feel joy but
then comes new heaps of nations for
squeeze and fuck you still go
three stops to endure some
moral of this all let's try
take advantage of one
ancient chinese saying of ancient
Chinese philosopher whose name was lu
bite-bite
but there you just have a pause
between words it is different
subway is like life if you are now
well then in a minute you will be hundreds
thousand times shitty
and today dear friends i would like you
recommend a wonderful channel or
marmalade
this is my friend can go watch
like a link will be below I still yes
here is the summary here you will see everything
Huskies look put it very
very cool channel and there all zashib
Thank you all for watching you had a beer
do not forget to like the subscribe
and you know there is a bunch of links down to
my contact twitter and so on and so
similar and most important come on my
instagram to check out all that is with me
going to ask some questions in
comments like there and so on
this is your chance to really talk with me
thank you all friends bye bye